Message-ID: <30471946.1072120108235.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Thu, 30 Aug 2001 09:02:07 -0700 (PDT)
From: rita.wynne@enron.com
To: rita.wynne@enron.com, ann.chance@enron.com, christopher.spears@enron.com, 
	sherry.anastas@enron.com, j..farmer@enron.com, f..smith@enron.com, 
	patti.sullivan@enron.com, victor.lamadrid@enron.com, 
	lisa.kinsey@enron.com, sherlyn.schumack@enron.com
Subject: Updated: Lunch with Volume Mgmt
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

Volume Management would like to invite you to lunch  (in house) on next Thursday, September 6th.  The attendees will be all of you along with myself, <true_name> Mark  </true_name> and our leads (<true_name> Sherry Anastas </true_name> , <true_name> Sherlyn Schumack </true_name> , <true_name> Lee Ann Chance  </true_name> and <true_name> Chris Spears </true_name> ).  In this meeting we would like to take the opportunity to allow those folks who normally do not interact to be able to meet.  We would also like to take a few minutes to discuss the progress between the two groups.  Please feel free to talk with your groups and use this meeting to discuss any outstanding items that may need to be addressed.    We would also like to discuss the possibility of doing a team building activity with the entire Logistics group and VM.  Hopefully, everyone will be able to make it.  Please let me know if this date does not work and we can pick another date. 

Thanks,
<true_name> Rita

 </true_name> P.S. - if you would like your leads to attend as well, just let me know.  Thanks!